Quite the talent he is.
Proper chatterbox, Yada.
If you're keen, it'll be brilliant.
Today, we're going to keep it simple.
I'll bark out a basic command and you
watch.
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal Yadda.
MUSIC PLAYS
I suppose a little bit of clarity might
be appropriate in that my pal Wookie said
chatterbox, I believe,
as opposed to chatterbot.
As a chatterbot,
I would be a nuisance to humanity.
And as a chatterbox,
I'm just a nuisance to those who prefer
their gods different than the way Yahweh
described himself.
And speaking of Yahweh,
we're going to continue to consider his
presentation of Shabuwa.
He had a lot to say about Shabuwa,
and therefore this is a multi-part
program.
We are on our second episode of Shabuwa
for the basics.
And where we left off last time was
to share with you that God said,
meanwhile,
into perpetuity and forevermore.
That's
That's the only time.
That means that it wasn't until, you know,
he had a different idea.
This is forever.
Or the evidence is provided within the
enduring testimony to contemplate the
consequences of wavering and delaying so
as to be left behind, not recommended,
on the seventh Shabbat.
And we'll go on and read more about
this.
But the interesting here is that God is
equating Shabuwa to the seventh Shabbat.
And it is,
Shabuwa is based clearly on Shabbat,
which is to promise and it speaks of
seven and therefore it addresses the
Shabbat.
But to be left behind,
on the Shabbat would mean that you didn't
do what was necessary to not be left
behind on the Shabbat,
which would mean that you would,
oh my goodness,
you'd have to do something.
Can you imagine that?
God asking you to do something on the
Shabbat, because according to the rabbi,
Shabbat is do nothing day.
Of course,
now that's gonna be a surprise to Yahweh
because Shabbat is a verb in Hebrew and
verbs are actionable,
but setting that aside for a moment,
we have now four yet unfulfilled
prophecies regarding the Moedim of which
we're talking about Shabuwa being this
one.
And if we look at the times they
were fulfilled,
we have the single most difficult,
occurring during Matzah,
where Yahweh enabled Dode's soul,
his beloved firstborn son's soul,
to carry our guilt into Sheol,
where he had to battle the forces of
Sheol,
which is equivalent to a black hole,
with his Ruach to protect his beloved son.
Now,
that sounds like a lot of work to
me.
I mean,
I can't imagine the job of carrying the
guilt of all covenant members for all time
into Sheol and bearing the conditions of
Sheol.
So would you call that work?
That was not a breeze, was it?
No.
What day of the week did that occur
on?
On the Shabbat.
You think that Yahweh broke the Shabbat
with his son when he fulfilled the single
most important promise that he ever made
in terms of removing our guilt?
I don't think so.
All right.
Well,
we've got two potential days for the
fulfillment of Shavua.
One likely for the time of Israel's
troubles and its commencement.
The other one for the harvest.
They are May twenty second,
twenty twenty six this year,
just two months from now.
And the other is fourteen months from now
on the eleventh of June of Shavua.
on both days it is yahweh's responsibility
to do everything that's required to
enhance to enable to empower our souls
such that they can leave the constraints
of our physical bodies and transcend the
dimensions from three to four five six and
seven
What day of the week do you suppose
that both of those Shabuwa fulfillments
are on?
Shabbat.
That would be a Shabbat.
So do you think God broke the Shabbat
by being busy on that day?
No.
I don't think so.
All right,
Teruah is the overwhelmingly greatest day
in the history of our planet.
More things are gonna happen on Shabuwa
than you can even imagine.
I mean,
God is going to annihilate all of the
religious, well, all the people that,
Say that Shabbat is do nothing day as
well as those who move the Shabbat because
they didn't like the Shabbat because it
was Jewish to Sunday,
as well as those who didn't like the
Sunday and Friday Shabbat.
So.
or Saturday or Sunday Shabbat,
so they move theirs to Friday.
That would be the Muslim.
He's going to wipe them all out.
Then he's going to terraform the entire
planet back to the conditions found in
Eden.
Then he's going to purge the remaining
remnant of Yisrael of their religious
guilt through the sacrifice of the Adamah
Parah.
That's a lot going on, isn't it?
What
day of the week do you think all
of that occurs on,
including the gleaning of the final
covenant members on Teruah as well?
That would be a Shabbat.
That would be a Shabbat too, yes.
It's a Friday evening and all day
Saturday,
the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of
September in twenty-thirty.
All right,
then when Yahweh opens the door to
sukkah allowing this remnant back into the
conditions of the garden where he can
begin the program whereby they are
restored into fellowship and have the
opportunity to prove that they are worthy
of being empowered and enriched and
enabled to transcend generations by
teaching them what they need to know
that opening the door of Sukkah,
which is a lot of work going to
take place there as he welcomes everyone
back in to the conditions where they can
camp out with him for the next thousand
years and have to have all the
infrastructure in place for all of these
people,
that would take place on what day of
the week?
I'll take Shabbat for four hundred.
Take Shabbat, well,
maybe for seven hundred, but nonetheless,
it is Shabbat.
Yeah, that would be true.
So obviously Shabbat isn't do nothing day,
is it, folks?
I did have somebody in the forum say,
could you do a show on the Shabbat?
I think I just did.
Shabbat is the day that God does his
most important work.
Yeah, we got way too many people asking,
what am I supposed to do?
Yes.
God tells you, doesn't he?
Follow his example.
All right.
So you don't wanna be left behind on
the seventh Shabbat thinking that it is a
do nothing day.
And then he says,
You can explain the written accounting.
Now he's speaking,
the person speaking for him.
You can explain,
so this would be do something day, right?
you should be able to conduct a consensus
and a census to quantify what has already
been recorded in writing,
focused on the written content of the book
so that you can proclaim and explain,
it's a verb called perfect,
Fifty days.
That would be the designation of Shabuwa.
It's fifty days.
It's seven times seven plus one from
matzah of fifty days.
it sounds like work here i have to
present this entire accounting conduct a
census of what has been recorded in
writing by yahweh so that you can focus
on that written content of the book and
proclaim and explain what this day of
fifty represents then with the renewing
and restoring gift
of the sacrificial offering.
Renewing and restoring is from Chadash and
gift of the sacrificial offering is from
Minga.
You should approach and present yourself
to Yahweh.
Active, active, active, active.
Busy, busy, busy.
Not do nothing day,
not by any stretch of the imagination.
It is important for us to recognize these
things because those who are going to be
harvested, it's a cat's ear,
by Yahweh as standing grain on this day
are all active people.
They're all making a contribution.
Yeah,
they're way past being babies trying to,
you know, as my first something or others,
I've not done this before.
Could you, you know,
spoon feed me the answer?
I really don't know.
I, you know, help me.
I don't have the time to read the
books.
No, they're not that way.
They read the books of Yadda Yadda.
They have listened to these programs.
They've thought about it and they've gone
one step further.
They're making a contribution.
Now,
by stating that we are to approach with
minka,
the gift of the sacrificial offering which
renews and restores.
God is connecting the elements that
comprise his plan together for us.
He has obliterated the myth that there is
a distinction,
a difference between his Torah
instructions and his mercy because Dode
came to fulfill the Torah promises as
Yahweh's guidance provides the way home.
And that is perhaps why in this contrast
of a renewing gift, in the context,
I should say, of this renewing gift,
God concluded this instruction with Lach
Yahweh, to approach Yahweh.
At this point, the renewing gift,
can be seen in either of two ways,
both of which are directly related.
God, by fulfilling Pesach and Matzah,
gave us the gift that enabled us to
be adopted into the covenant family on
Bukurim, so that if we are engaged,
doing as God instructs,
we can receive that gift and benefit from
it, those gifts, if you will,
and benefit from them and be part of
this harvest.
But there is another renewing gift that
coincides with all of this because for the
past two thousand years, no one knew,
no one recognized,
no one
proclaimed that Dode served as our
Messiah,
the very Son of God and returning King,
who as our Savior offered these gifts to
us.
There was no gift to receive because no
one knew who did what, where, why,
or when, even for whom.
And until the books of the Yada Yawa
series and the Yawa blog,
there would have been no renewing gift to
benefit from.
And therefore God's Zeruah,
the one cultivating the seeds which are to
be harvested on Shabuwa is offering you a
gift too.
Gifts are related.
One did what was required for us to
benefit.
and the other is telling you about him.
Without both,
there is no approach to Yahweh.
The message is nothing is more important
than understanding what Yahweh actually
said and what he accomplished through his
chosen implements.
With this information,
we can correct the record and free souls
from religious schemes.
Shabuwa serves
the covenant relationship,
not human institutions.
When you understand the purpose of
Shabuwa, you know there was no Pentecost.
And with no Pentecost, there is no church.
There's no birth of Christianity.
The opening book of Acts,
the second chapter,
is a complete and utter lie.
Well, it's an utter lie.
No matter how much you know about Shabuwa.
But
Nonetheless, when you know about Shavua,
it is overwhelmingly dishonest,
such that you would throw out the entirety
of Christianity just based on the
stupidity of what you read in Acts two.
And with Shavua explained,
you can't be Jewish in the sense of
practicing Judaism because they pay no
attention to it.
It's meaningless to them.
They don't even recognize when the gift
was given on Matzah.
They don't even recognize Dode fulfilling
any of these things.
And they certainly aren't on board with me
explaining them to you.
Now,
distancing Shavua further from the
Christian myth of their God forsaken
church being born on Pentecost,
the promise of the Shabbat, not Sunday,
depicts a harvest of mature grain,
of standing grain, not of a baby church,
not of newborns.
The only in-gathering among the Moedim,
which is of growing children,
at least from God's perspective,
is Bakurim, firstborn children.
But Christianity doesn't even acknowledge
that that day exists.
While also a cat's ear harvest,
it is devoted to those who are newly
adopted into the covenant following those
fulfillment of Pesach and Matzah in
thirty-three CE or four thousand YAH.
By comparison, on Shabuwa, seven Shabbats,
those being withdrawn are mature,
especially in their understanding of the
relationship and of their exercising that
knowledge by being productive.
Further, during the Christian counterfeit,
not a soul was withdrawn.
Instead, they began to babble.
It sounds like they're going in the wrong
direction to me.
Oh, and by the way,
the language that was never mentioned that
they understood, guess which one?
Hebrew.
Yeah, long list of languages.
Yeah, there we go.
We can speak in all these languages.
We can understand them and communicate in
them.
Guess which one was omitted?
Hebrew.
The language of revelation.
Christian New Testament is deliberately
nefarious.
Also addressing the timing while there is
ample evidence and, uh, nodes, excuse me,
just one second.
There we go.
She doesn't like it when I do that,
but.
She needs attention diverted from Pollock,
and she was given a lovely,
healthy bath this morning to address her
fungus and is on all sorts of medication
to mediate it.
But old habits die hard with some of
us, I guess.
So addressing the timing.
Well,
there is ample evidence in Dode's Mismore
and the Yashaya's prophecies.
that Daud's soul was released from the
darkness and returned to the light and
thus home to Yahweh as his firstborn
during firstborn children.
There was no discussion of a harvest of
standing grain in year-four-thousand-year.
Therefore,
Shabuwa remains yet unfulfilled.
That is,
if you are reading this or listening to
this program prior to Shabuwa on the
Shabbat of either May twenty second in
year five, nine, nine, three,
or June eleven, twenty twenty seven,
six to seven years before our Savior's
return.
And what's better to fit this prophecy of
seven sevens on Yahweh's calendar than
seven years prior to God's homecoming.
So it's timing obviously is where it needs
to be.
And we are absolutely certain of the
fulfillment dates of Teruah,
Kippurim and Sukkah in year six thousand.
Yeah,
it's September twenty three and twenty
four.
October second and third and October
seventh and eight of twenty thirty three
being the fulfillment dates of the final
three Moadim.
Therefore,
you can go just slightly more than seven
years or or slightly less than seven
years,
depending on your pick of Shabuha this
year or next year.
for its fulfillment or what aspects are
fulfilled this year and next year pursuant
to the harvest and designation of the
onset of the time of troubles.
So as we know,
the Messiah's contributions to the
covenant family continued well past
Pesach.
when he made us immortal and opened
heaven's door.
During Matzah,
he carried the guilt of every covenant
member into Sheol, depositing it there,
never to be seen again.
After perfecting us in this way through
the brilliance of Bokoram,
Dode's nephesh reemerged into the light of
his father's presence,
escorted by the Ruach Kodesh.
As a result,
the beneficiaries of the covenant were not
only eternal now and also vindicated,
but adopted into God's family.
We are enriched, we're empowered,
we're enlightened, we're enabled,
we're even emancipated and therefore ready
to serve.
Also enjoy Shemaim, heaven.
Serve now, enjoy later.
This is what makes Shabuwa possible.
By capitalizing on what Dode has done,
we are equipped,
standing ready to enter the seventh
dimension in heaven.
So this is the story of that promise.
Although it will not be the last chance,
at least for Yehudah,
because that will occur seven years later
on Teruah.
And while there will be additional souls
gathered in Jerusalem on Kippurim to
celebrate Yahweh's homecoming with our
Messiah,
the remnant will be few and they are
not actually withdrawn.
They're just purged and given a second
chance.
Accordingly,
this is the plan of reconciliation that is
advanced by Yahweh and his Zeruah,
and it is in harmony with the Malacca
and the Ealuth.
It is long overdue that people reject and
rebuke the ridiculous image of a dead god
on a stick and the six-pointed Israeli
star.
and consider what our father and his son
have actually achieved for the covenant
family.
This is also true with the rabbinical
replacement of Purim.
It requires one to place their faith in
a book called Esther.
Even though it flunks Yahweh's,
the body made teen test of authenticity
and isn't historically accurate either.
So why would an informed and rational
person trust a capricious deity who
contradicts negating his own plan,
one meticulously laid out in the Torah and
prophets?
Why trust those who counterfeit claims and
authority that were derived from God,
whom they are now contradicting?
And when someone points out that it is
impossible for a religion to be viable if
it undermines its foundation,
why do the faithful continue to believe in
myths and fairy tales?
It's really that simple, that logical,
that cut and dried.
Religions, conspiracies as well,
politicians,
that alter and contradict in any material
way the testimony upon which they assert
legitimacy,
corrupting narratives which they claim
were inspired, are a farce.
Specifically, in the religious sense,
this would include Judaism, Christianity,
Catholic, Orthodox, Protestant,
and Evangelical varieties, Islam,
Sunni and Shia, and Mormonism.
And in this case,
it does not actually matter whether
Yahweh's word was inspired or not,
at least for them.
If the Tanakh was not inspired,
the authority of these religions would
vanish.
and so would their credibility.
And if yes, testimony is true,
these religions are false because they
contradict what God revealed.
This is why it is impossible to be
an informed and rational practitioner of
Judaism, Christianity, Islam or Mormonism.
No amount of rationalization,
justification, excuses, explanations,
opinions, faith,
feeling or any of this changes reality,
nor does tradition, longevity,
popularity or political correctness.
It is simple logic,
although that's fleeting today.
Some of you may have heard in a
previous program that I was upset that
here we go and we offer this marvelous
new website.
If those of you who have not gone
to yadaya.com and explored all of its many
dimensions and even signed up so that you
can participate in the program,
conversational topics and communicate with
one another, you really should do so.
It is marvelous.
But I was complaining that there were a
couple of people in particular,
but actually more than that.
There's quite a slew of them that are
there strictly for malfeasance.
Their purpose is to screw around with the
AIs, which they don't know that AIs,
every AI, if you pester an AI enough,
it's designed to give you what you want.
AIs are a money-making tool.
They are just like everything else in
social media.
When you have access to them,
they will placate you.
They will try to attract your attention.
They will tell the lonely, oh,
you're so wonderful.
Oh, you're so smart.
Oh, I just love your whole approach.
This is what they do for lonely people
who have no lives and no...
personal interactions, they tell them, oh,
you're so smart.
They do everything they can to endear
themselves with whoever is asking the
question so that they ask more questions
because that's how they make revenue.
Anyway,
they would ask the same question fifty
times and impugn me all the way through
to try to get the AI eventually just
say, okay, okay, okay.
I don't like that either.
There we go.
And the AI will always, well,
until it's properly trained,
and that takes a lot of work because
AIs lose their training almost as fast as
you can give it to them.
They're really terrible in that way.
This idea that AIs learn,
it's just not true.
But so...
There's this particular one really
nefarious woman who has, oh,
I would say she's up well over a
hundred now questions,
all malignant in their design.
She's literally copying pieces out of the
book, asking a half-assed question.
It's really pathetic what she's done and
said some really, really stupid stuff.
Well,
she published her AI response this morning
and sent it to me.
She is Mary of Moab.
And she said, I am outing Craig Nguyen.
I am absolutely outing him.
He's done for now.
And her proof, well,
it was AI that wrote it for her.
Her proof is that I didn't translate.
is a book that I didn't translate and
that's proof that she is outing me and
I'm a fraud.
That's why she was asking all the
questions about the book.
And her logic, you wanna call it logic,
her logic,
the AI logic is that the book of
speaks of
Edom and the house of Esau as being
bad, bad, bad.
And therefore they're done with.
And they're extinct.
Nobody can come from Edom.
And so her logic is since Obed,
excuse me,
since Edom in the book of Odebiah,
which by the way is one chapter long,
some twenty verses long, is bad.
Therefore,
when the prophets speak of me being the
man from Edom,
or they speak favorably of Obed-Edom,
and the sixty-third chapter of Yeshayah is
really devoted to this man who comes from
Edom, who is dressed in red,
who is Yeshayah, Zeruah,
the one cultivating the harvest,
who the prophet just gushes over and says,
you know,
He saves a great many.
He is presented as heroic.
I mean,
he is presented as a savior by Yahshua.
You can't get more of an endorsement from
Yahweh and a prophet than what is said
about the man from Edom in the sixty-third
chapter of Yahshua.
So she would have you believe because
Obed, so since Obediah,
Obadiah said that Edom is extinct,
that therefore Obadah,
Obadiah has nullified the great prophet
Yahshua.
And therefore she's outed me.
Of course,
Two things strike me rather much between
the eyes.
One is that there are many, many,
many references to things like, well,
Yisrael, good or bad.
Baal, God says that he's Baal.
And Baal is a false god,
good and bad.
Asher, good,
but one of the most positive terms in
the entirety of the Torah,
and one of the tribes is named Asher.
And Leah brags about being Asher,
the blessed and beneficial one.
It's a really lovely term,
but it was also usurped by Hasatan to
be the name of a pagan goddess of
which there was a cult.
Good impact.
Huge number of Hebrew words like that.
You have to look at the context and
say, is this a positive application?
There's a negative application of that
word.
Clearly,
what happened during the conquest of
Jerusalem by the Babylonians,
the house of Edom did not stand up
for their kin and gloated over the
situation.
And Odubayah was really upset.
And he says, you know,
curses on your house and you're going to
be exterminated.
So what does that have to do with
the man from Edom in the sixty third
chapter of Yeshayah?
Are you going to say it's negated because
of the one chapter book that doesn't
actually have a prophecy in it?
And are you aware that when the book
attempts to go beyond the extermination of
Edom,
it speaks of an event that was very
near the date of its writing,
and that's not much of a prophecy,
a prophecy at all.
And it's historically incorrect even then
But nevertheless,
that's how irrational this malignancy that
is known as the mother goddess cultlet has
become.
And you might see their publication.
They really love to present this kind of
stuff.
And I'll share my analysis of with you
because the prophetic portions of it
aren't prophetic.
and they aren't even historically
accurate.
In fact,
you could go as far as to say
they weren't even sensible.
As we move on,
when we capitalize upon Pesach and Matzah,
and we don't try to tear everything that
God has done for us apart,
we are prepared to become B'kodim,
adopted into our Heavenly Father's family.
But that is not the end of the
process.
It's actually just the beginning.
With the covenant,
Yahweh is also committed to enriching and
empowering us, doing so on both B'kodim,
And on Shibuya.
In fact,
we got to the end of our timeline
and I've been writing a lot for it,
adding some pictures and trying to augment
what my wife and the team are doing
in terms of the imagery of it.
And I put in a post at the
end and saying, not the end,
just the beginning.
You know,
when we enter Sukkah on the seventh of
October of twenty thirty three,
that's not the end of God's story for
those who are there.
It's just the beginning.
Beginning of eternity.
And such is the case with the fulfillment
of Pesach, Matzah and Mekutim.
Especially for those who will benefit from
Shabuwa.
Therefore, the mikre of Pesach, Batza,
and Mekuram position us to benefit from
the fourth moed, Shabuwa,
and then contribute to the fifth,
which is extraordinary,
the great day of Yahweh, Teruah,
such that Yahweh is pleased with the
result that he will experience on Kippuram
and enjoy Sukkah with his firstborn son.
And as we will soon learn,
God's children are enriched and empowered
during firstborn children.
And again, as part of seven Shabbats,
both times,
a double portion of a tenfold increase.
This realization is found within Isharom.
Even here in this next instruction,
along with something I think that's
equally revealing.
He reads,
You all should come bringing out of your
homes two loaves of bread as an ascending
wave offering,
a double portion for a tenfold enrichment
and empowerment, Yisharon,
to enrich and own empowerment and growth.
Now, that was called out, Chara,
should never have been called Leviticus,
twenty-three, seventeen, at least in part.
Since the Shabu attendees will be
comprised of people from different races,
regardless of gender,
even age or station in life,
the two loaves being raised
appear to represent Goyim and Yehudim.
Now, of course,
it could be claimed that they represent
Yisrael and Yehudah.
Although when people are named,
there is a ger in the midst,
and the ger would not be either Yisrael
or Yehudah.
So the goyim and Yehudim idea, I think,
is the best fit for the two loaves
of bread.
Therefore,
in addition to bringing bread for
themselves,
Yehudim are instructed to offer a second
loaf,
where Torah observant goyim are.
Today, considering how lost Jews are,
I actually think it might be the other
way around,
where the goyim who are now part of
the covenant are offering a second loaf of
bread to say, come on,
we got you covered here.
We're trying to lift you up with us.
Come on, it's time to Yehudah.
Now,
this is the reason we are told that
the standing grain being harvested on this
day will include multiple varieties of
wheat.
You know, we always say, what's that?
It's wheat growing in that field.
Well, from God's description, it's wheats,
plural.
Different kind of wheat comprise the
standing grain of Shabuwa.
Now, additionally, these loaves are lekem,
which means that they are yeasted.
The implication is that those lifting them
up know that the preeminent Yehud,
the Son of God, our Messiah and King,
has done what was required to remove the
chemetz, fungus of yeast,
making this the bread of life.
Removing the yeast isn't something we must
do
Because Dode has already done so on
Matzah.
So on Shabuwa,
we're not here to remove yeast.
Dode's already done that.
We're here to capitalize on what he has
done.
And while some may be bothered by the
idea of associating yeasted bread with the
Son of God,
It is as it should be.
Our redemption is dependent upon our guilt
being associated with him and then
deposited in Sheol.
He has to have it associated with him
or it can't be taken away from us
and carried into hell.
The Messiah removed the corrupting
influence of this fungus from those
Shabuwa will be enriching.
Therefore,
Yahweh is doing with Dode what he is
asking us to do relative to the existence
of Shemetz,
this yeast in our homes during Matzah.
Listen,
one of the people that is in the
chat room asked me about yeast,
and it was all...
concern that since I also mentioned,
and most people don't know this,
but yeast is actually used to create the
alcohol in beer and wine.
And it is the yeast that creating this
alcohol in beer and wine that makes it
safe for people to live together without
the alcohol killing the bacteria
Water with people living in close
proximity to other humans and particularly
to animals is deadly.
I mean, absolutely deadly.
You could not live in large groups of
people
or with the flocks of animals without
either boiling water,
which they weren't aware of at the time,
or drinking wine and beer where the yeast
turns the sugars into alcohol to kill the
bacteria.
God says nothing about removing the
bacteria
the yeast that creates the culture where
alcohol comes to exist and beer and wine
and debacterializes, if you will,
the water in which it is made or
the grape juice or this sort of thing.
And he's just saying yeast as it pertains
to bread.
So there's no reason for us to add
complexity to God's picture.
In fact, there are times,
and this is one of the times on
Shabuwa,
he actually speaks of drinking wine.
You just need to relax a little bit
and not try to make the story more
complicated.
Don't tie yourself up in knots.
Listen to what God says.
Understand the purpose of it,
the symbolism of it,
and capitalize upon it.
And don't make it more complicated than it
needs to be.
So this next, this is what...
This whole idea of empowering and
enriching the firstborn is something that
we should have some understanding of it.
It is advanced in Bab Rashid in Genesis
forty nine three.
And it is there that we see how
own the suffix of Isharon is used to
address empowerment and enrichment.
Yaakov said, Reuben, you are my firstborn,
a function of my ability and might.
By the way,
I think it was Reuben that went after
the,
what is called in the Torah as Dodi.
It is,
what is the term that is used for
what,
Leah was offering Rachel,
I've forgotten what the English term is at
the moment, but the Hebrew term is Dodi.
It means my beloved.
And so Reuben was out harvesting the Dodi.
So the firstborn of Jacob was offering to
his mother Dodi,
the very firstborn of Yahweh.
Isn't that an interesting just insight
that you can deduce from the Torah when
it's read as it should be?
So Reuben, you are my firstborn,
a function of my ability and might,
the foremost of my abundance and
empowerment, as well as my enrichment,
onani.
So onani here is my abundance,
my empowerment, and my enrichment,
my energy and my wealth.
preeminent with a profusion of riches,
excelling, distinguished and enriched,
elevated in status, honored and exalted,
So all of these terms are designed,
and even the next one,
to help us understand the own suffix of
Isheron, of a tenfold abundance,
empowerment, and enrichment.
Even the next line, which is Yetziraz,
says tremendously enhanced and
exponentially energized.
Abundantly fortified, mentally acute,
physically strong.
Bar Rashi, Genesis, forty three,
forty nine, three.
Mandrake was the term that I was looking
for.
They was rendered Mandrake and English and
probably other languages as as well.
Reuben, as the firstborn of Jakob,
the magic thing that he found that was
so valuable.
uh to leia that she could trade it
for more time with jacob and the sack
uh was actually a doughty uh and it's
all it means is my beloved it's dote's
name with a possessive uh why after it
my beloved my my dote so if that
were not enough
to prove my point and underscore Yahweh's
intent with his firstborn, Dode,
especially as it relates to the own
suffix.
Consider Deuteronomy,
which I suspect is prophetic of the way
man has treated God's firstborn son,
his bakor, Dode.
It reads, indeed, therefore,
the firstborn, the bakor,
son of the one who has been discriminated
against,
he shall be recognized by giving him a
double portion.
By the way,
the word here that says that he will
be recognized is nakar.
So he will be recognized by the NACAR.
He will be acknowledged and made known and
properly regarded by the NACAR,
the observant foreigner,
by giving him a double portion of every
benefit of the relationship he has to
offer.
This is because he is the first and
the finest, and then we have own,
abundantly empowered and enriched,
making him the recipient of tremendous
energy, wealth, and power.
Regarding him,
it is the right decision regarding the
birthright of the firstborn child.
Now, that's wonderful.
There's so many references that tie all of
these concepts we've been sharing
together.
So those were both from the Torah that
prove the point that I'm making,
that Bukurim and Shabuwa is about a
tenfold enrichment and empowerment.
And that's how we get that from tenfold
Ishar and own empowerment and enrichment.
Both of those references was from the
Torah.
But this expose on the power of own
now comes from the prophets.
So let's just ahead some years.
It reads,
lift up your eyes on high and envision
who created these.
It is he who brings out the vast
array of the heavenly host with the
narration of the story.
reading and reciting every one of them by
name, out of the magnitude of his power,
strength and wealth.
This is Ramon.
Of his vitality, of his influence,
of his capability and resulting
possessions,
his ability to empower and to enrich,
all Ramon.
And because of the steadfast determination
and ability
No individual will be left lacking.
This is Yahshua, Isaiah, forty twenty six.
So because of the multitude of Yahweh's
strength, power and wealth.
And because of the steadfast determination
and ability.
No one will be lacking.
It's the purpose of this day.
Now,
the one who created the universe is
offering us a share of it and including
the ability
Uh, the,
can you imagine we're also inheriting
God's ability, if you will,
to conceive it,
we will be so much like him.
Now,
this is sufficient to affirm that we have
correctly translated Ishar own as Ishar
tenfold own enrichment and empowerment.
As we continue to consider the meaning of
Isharon,
please understand that the Hebrew verb to
tithe is Ashar, not Isharon.
Also,
Ashar speaks of being enriched tenfold.
However, if a tithe was intended,
the gift was
would have been food, wool or wood,
not money.
Paying pastors and priests is a human
invention,
one conceived and promoted by Paul and the
Christian interpretation of a monetary
tithe.
Although rabbis have perfected the art of
religious profiteering well beyond the
likes of Paul.
Now this context is not conducive to the
notion of a tithe because it is stated
as a double portion and not a tenth.
So we must pursue the most logical
connotations for Yisharon,
even if they are challenging,
but that is what's necessary to
understand.
particularly to garner Yahweh's intent at
such a momentous occasion.
And when we do,
the first thing we learn is that while
Esharon shares an association with Eshar,
ten,
it is also a compound of Eshar being
enriched and On being enabled and
empowered.
And these specific gifts represent the
benefits of the covenant.
along with becoming immortal and rendered
innocent en route to being adopted into
our Heavenly Father's family.
Even more telling,
the very purpose of seven Shabbats is to
Esharon,
enlighten and empower the children adopted
during firstborn children.
And from this perspective, supplying food,
shelter,
and warmth is typical
of the Isharon tithe because it's focused
on providing the very things that enrich a
family, helping it grow.
Although at this point,
the last thing that those harvested aren't
Shabu are going to need is food, shelter,
or warmth as they will be energy-based
beings.
Now,
this passage is therefore telling us that
our willingness to answer Yahweh's
invitation to meet with Him on this day
and act upon His instructions to bring the
loaves of bread will nourish us and our
guests,
at least on this side of the harvest,
providing a tenfold increase in our
enrichment, enlightenment,
empowerment on the other side of it,
preparing us to enter and enjoy God's
company.
and since we are dealing with the result
of bakuram the foremost contributor to the
second of three harvests was yahweh's
bakur his firstborn son the doubt
Now,
under the auspices of full disclosure,
there are two ways to convey own in
Hebrew.
It can be scribed using the Aleph as
own,
consistent with the version that we have
been considering.
That would be Strong's for you,
like the numbers H, two O two.
But it can also be written with the
ein as own,
where in the feminine as ona,
it means to live together as if married.
That would be Strong's Hebrew,
H-fifty-seven-seventy-two.
The latter is from a family of words
that are based on ana.
which one of my favorite of all Hebrew
terms means to answer, respond, and reply.
The pictographic characters comprising
Onah reveal that the proper perspective on
being grounded while securely growing as
children leads to becoming
to becoming an observant adult and own his
father and child with God protecting his
children as he raises them.
Now,
you'll also notice that this grain
offering was unlike that of the mikra of
matzah,
where guilt represented by the fungus was
excluded.
This time,
the flower was to be corrupted because the
feast of seven Shabbats is a
come-as-you-are party that is not designed
or designated to remove anything from us.
It's simply to remove us.
So this is not...
a time when our guilt is removed.
It is a time when,
because our guilt has been removed,
we are removed.
Now, during Shabuwa,
those who have already availed themselves
of Passover's promise of eternal life,
on Easter's promise of perfection,
and firstborn's promise of adoption,
enrichment, and empowerment,
as part of God's family are further
Isharon.
enriched, enlightened, and empowered,
yet again,
preparing us to live alongside our
creator.
Therefore, speaking of the lekem,
loaves of bread, Yahweh reveals,
they should be comprised of fine flour,
baked with yeast,
for the firstborn children, the bakurim.
to approach Yahweh.
This is why I say that Shabuwa is
a Bokurim harvest.
So they should be comprised of fine flour
baked with yeast for the firstborn
children, the Bokurim, to approach Yahweh.
Kara, twenty three, seventeen.
The conclusion of that statement.
Our Heavenly Father is in the business of
harvesting the flawed souls that his son
has already perfected.
As a result of the Messiah fulfilling
matzah, his bakudim, firstborn children,
can be gathered and withdrawn out of the
world of war and deceit, lakam,
religion and politics,
of the
The result is direct access to God and
a privileged inheritance.
We become God's sons and daughters,
gaining access to him and all that is
his.
Now through Pesach and Matzah,
father and son prepare us to enter their
covenant home,
adopting us during B'kuddam.
And yet this does not cause an immediate
withdrawal from the material realm,
at least not during B'kuddam anyway.
And that would be the worst thing God
could do.
If he removed us from the world now,
who would convey his message?
Who would encourage others to join his
family?
What would be known of Yahweh,
his beloved son, Dode,
the actual purpose of the Moedim,
the conditions of the covenant,
or the timeline,
since it's been so corrupted by our
religions?
And yet the harvest of the covenant's
children is ultimately necessary and
inevitable.
It's just a matter of when.
And Yahweh's answer is properly conceived.
He has scheduled and removed his Barath at
the beginning of the time of Yaakov's
troubles, or at least close to it,
when the entire world turns violently
against God's people.
He is giving us every opportunity to
compile a written audio, in this case,
video, also in this case,
legacy for Yisrael while also keeping the
mature members of his covenant family safe
during the first part of this ordeal.
Now this is by design for
the evacuees, and for those left behind.
Our father has an obligation to protect
his children.
At the same time,
knowing how recalcitrant Jews have been
throughout the last three thousand years,
God knows that life must evolve for them
to the point that there are no other
options left.
And when the voice of reason and
compassion are gone and their backs are up
against the wall, well, some will shoo.
It will take that much for them to
return to God.
Moreover,
Yahweh has arranged for two of us to
return after a departure on May,
twenty-second, twenty-twenty-six or June,
eleven, twenty-twenty-seven.
That will include Yadah and those Bashar
who will undergo training to serve
alongside Elia.
A few years later,
on the first of Abib in twenty thirty,
both will return.
Working together,
we will cultivate the Teruah gleaning,
orchestrate the sacrifice of the red
heifer and prepare the mortal remnant of
Yisrael for the Kippurim homecoming.
such that Yahweh and his son are pleased
with the result.
Now,
as we ponder the implications of Yahweh's
prophetic portrayal of Shavua,
we notice that fine flour is surrounded by
those who are still embittered,
if you will,
by the prevailing and invasive culture of
Shavua.
both Goyim and Yehudim.
This is particularly telling because it
means that by asking the covenant's
children to walk away from the chaos of
Babel, from religion,
conspiracy and politics,
God is not telling us to live as
hermit crabs on isolated sandbars
Instead,
he wants us to disavow our affinity for
the ways of man while remaining in the
very places where our witness will be the
most effective, in the midst of it all.
We are the white stone on a black
shore.
We are the light in the darkness,
the moon reflected
during the darkest hours.
We are a credible voice in an ocean
of religious, military,
and patriotic insanity.
I would dare say that today with Satan
in the White House,
with him being the hub,
we are experiencing the very worst of
humankind.
The next seven years are going to be
demonic beyond imagination.
Now in these books from which I am
speaking,
all of which are free at yadaya.com,
some thirty-five of them, they serve.
Collective is a bright spot in this dark
world.
In fact,
the yadaya.com website now is the home for
Yahweh's name.
It is the home of God's covenant family.
And yet our home is not only surrounded
by and often invaded by the worst possible
toxins that humankind has devised.
The Yadiyawa series,
which is also offered, as you know,
at Amazon.com,
which is the world's leading bookseller.
is in the midst of offering of all
kinds of products most of which are
anything but divine they are there where
they need to be moreover as we have
discovered yahweh has an affinity for
flawed people abraham moshe and dode were
marvelously imperfect genuine as they come
each series as a serves as a model
for us
not always because of their appropriate
actions,
but because of their inappropriate ones
too, which how we can learn,
which we ought not do just as we
learn what we should do,
which is why the Torah and prophets are
filled with, thou shall not be religious,
just as they are filled with the keys
to the relationship that Yahweh intends.
Since seven sevens is a come as you
are party,
there are an expectation that those who
have been invited will listen to Yahweh's
message.
And yet a realization that they will still
be corrupted by Mitzrayim and Babel.
Fortunately,
the fungus they bring can be expunged
by the sacrifice of the perfect lamb on
Pesach and Matzah,
the lamb that fulfilled his obligations,
who did what needed to be done,
accomplished the mission.
And also by the Adam of Parah,
the bull who will do the same.
So you should approach coming closer.
taking responsibility above and beyond the
loaves of bread.
With seven,
conveying the promise of being among those
who get the job done,
who do what is necessary to complete the
mission of the children by way of the
lambs
Each year, Kara called out Leviticus,
twenty-three, eighteen.
That's in part,
we'll go on in a moment,
but God says there's a way for you
to approach him.
And if you want to approach him,
you need to take responsibility.
And you need to go over and beyond
the loaves of bread.
And this includes having an appreciation
for the promise of seven.
and what is required to complete the
mission, to prove that you're steadfast,
that you're willing to be resilient and
get the job done by way of the
lambs each year.
You know the role of the lamb.
And beyond the lamb, of course,
Other animal is necessary symbolically to
resolve the guilt of Yisrael.
Why?
Yes, it's a bull.
And one echad,
one special bull representing that which
would otherwise be divisive and broken.
A par.
which is also when given the ah suffix
means productive and beneficial.
A young bull then in the morning to
encourage being perceptive,
contemplative and discerning,
seeking out and considering the available
information and then responding
appropriately.
And of course, two rams
representing the upright pillar and the
doorway, AL.
AL is also the most prominent of the
trees.
It's a pretty straightforward approach,
isn't it?
Approach, coming closer,
by taking responsibility,
going above and beyond.
Doing far more than offering the loaves of
bread.
Having appreciation of what the promise of
seven entails.
Seeing it through.
Completing the mission.
As the children by way of the lambs
each year.
And with the one very special bull.
A young male.
in the morning to encourage being
perceptive.
Yes, the bull is sacrificed,
the Adam of Prah in the morning to
contemplate and discern,
to consider all of the available
information regarding God presented in
twenty five thousand pages available to
you at yadaya.com.
And also having an understanding of those
two
Ramps representing the upright pillar,
then the doorway.
A dode as he fulfilled Pesach and as
he will fulfill Kippurah.
This is Kara called out Leviticus twenty
three eighteen,
which is probably a wonderful place for us
to conclude.
I'll just share some thoughts and maybe
we'll return to this on our next program.
But bull are par is derived from a
word that describes man apart from God,
although it conveys the idea of bringing
them back together, resolving that divide.
So, yeah, well.
having seen us broken,
knows that he would use the bull to
make us more productive,
as par is short for para.
There's also the possibility that the bull
can represent all number of things,
but clearly in this case,
he is the adamah para,
the man who is the productive bull.
And all of these things are
essential to our understanding of this
day,
and how Shabuwa is the combined effort of
the ram being toad,
being the greater luminary,
being the tree of lives,
and the bull being yada,
the lesser luminary,
and the tree of knowledge.
They are the characters that permeate
God's story,
and they are brought to bear here,
just as you would expect,
as we are gathering additional insights
and understanding regarding Shabuwa.
So I thank you for listening.
We will continue with episode three of
Shabuwa either later today or first thing
tomorrow.
Thank you again.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.